It seems me and my family have a problem. The world, karma, or something, has other plans for us than the ones we make. I attended college so I could learn Anthropology and Design. I studied the Pyramids, the streets of Paris, and how to draw a drapery. I had hoped to be able to transfer to continue my stuides in Washington state. But now that my brother is extremely disabled, I don't know if it is even possible. What had once been an opportunity has become a gridlock. Doors swing open and they swing shut. We don't always get to peer behind the curtain. 

Things have been shifting in unexpected ways, I'be been killing time in hopes that the door I want will open again. But instead, I came across a quote. "As if you could kill time without injuring eternity." ~ Henry David Thoreau. Then I asked myself, Is that what I've been doing? Have I been injuring eternity with my never ending ceaseless battling of will? So, I stopped. I sat. I started listening. I started doing other things. I started questioning. Breaking down everything I thought was stationary and immoveable. Chiseling at it and watching my opinions and assumptions crack and fall, like a thousand crumbling stone bridges. Rebuilding in origami spider's webs. Who, knew that the most fragile of materials, could be so strong? 

I asked myself. Do we need cars? The answer was no. I asked myself. Do we need money? The answer was no. I asked myself if debt was worth an education. The answer was no. Now what? I asked myself. What in the world can you do, without having these things? How can you live without having these things? The answer was to change my perceptions of living. Is living exsisting? Killing time? Consuming? Ever moving forward? It is and it isn't. Living is just being. Its you and your questioning of the world, how you live in it, and what you do. So, what was it that can be done for free? Without any contribution, that allows you to just be and live and do? The answer was, to write. 

Today, I have a cold. My eyes are blurry, but I have never seen clearer. Not everyone can write. Nor should everyone. Every individual has a calling that fits into their ideals. But for me, to write, is the best option available, and one I would love to accept. It fits, like a missing piece in an empty void. I've always loved to write, but it never occured to me that it might be an option, in my financial negative life. I always believed that if I just killed time, pushed a little harder, and made a little money, I could be just like everyone else. Have a family, a job, a house. Then I asked myself. Is that what you want? A nine to five life, where your movements are delegated by the striking of the clock? Until that clock stops and all of eternity was as wasted as your life was? And all has expired?

 No thank you. I'm not a drone, I'm a dreamer. Who lives their life to the fullest? The one who works until their final breathe without accomplishing anything. Or the dreamer who sits under the stars and views the vastness and complexity of everything. Who dreams a million dreams, and lives and million lives. Who has lived more? Obviously the dreamer lived much more and was more wealthy that anyone who worked hard to accumulate things. 
 
 So today, as I sit down on the precipice of life, I will ask myself. Am I a drone or a dreamer? Then, I shall pick up my notebook and begin to write. ...