In order to evolve into a person that can adapt to "generation screwed" conditions, you need more than web programming skills. It's true that "program or be programmed" (~ev bogue) is more true than ever. But if you don't have hard skills, you aren't going to make it.  I challenge you now, to go and get those skills.

But what are these skills? How do we know what we need and where do we find them? Well, first of all they are anything and everything that will make you more self reliant. This is a big deal people. If you don't become self reliant, you will always have to rely on others. Those people, will be the first to fall. 

So, what can you do about it? I want you to think about everything you rely on in your daily lives. Make a list. Don't forget to add caffeine, we all know you are as addicted to it as everyone else.  I know a lady who lost her husband three years ago. She said that he did all of the cooking, and she didn't know how to make toast. Know what's happened to her three years later? She's awaiting heart surgery. These past three years, she's been slowly starving to death, and it damaged it heart, all because she never learned to cook. Do you want to be a statistic? Or do you want to be one of the few that adapt to the coming changes, no matter how dire? 

Back to you list. Did you fill it out? Here's where we get down to business. Answer yes or no to the following.

Do you rely on a gym membership, martial art, yoga, or pilates class?

Do you rely on caffeine and sugar to wake up in the morning?

Do you eat?

Do you drive long distances? (10+ miles)

Do you throw stuff away or pay a repair man to fix things that are "broken"?

This is a very simplistic list. I didn't want to go all out on a massive book sized list of things. But this should give you a good start. So, if you are like a lot of people and have a gym membership, drop it. Log on to Nerdfitness.com and get to studying how to get fit without a membership. If you cannot leave you wonderful Yoga or Pilates class. Leave it anyway and go through certification to teach it. It's the fastest way to learn as much as possible about something you love. Martial arts class? Just get your black belt. You'll be a badass in the end and won't have to sign up for another class.

Caffeine and sugar are another story. If you can cut caffeine out of your diet do it. If not, ditch the coffee. It's going extinct and it causes bad breath. Drink tea instead. For sugar, get something natural. Agave, honey, steavia. You can grow stevia and never have to pay for sugar again.

Yes. I know. Everyone eats. But what are you eating? Fast food? Lots of meat? Vegetables? Learn to cook and start a small garden. You won't be exclusively self reliant but you'll be getting there. Oh, and meat? Did you know that there will be 11 billion people on earth by 2100? I guarantee you there won't be that many cows around. There's been a lot of talk about bugs as a protein alternative. If you don't want to eat bugs before 2050, start looking at a vegetarian, if not vegan diet.

Driving. If it's less than 10 miles, bike it or walk it. Learn to repair bikes. You have to know how everything operates in order to fix it. Which brings us to the last item. No more consumerism, there won't be a planet left if 11 billion people want a new laptop every year, let alone wardrobes etc. Fix what you have, get under the hood. Learn. Know. Do. Teach it to others.

Now that we've broken down some of the basics, there's more. The U.S. government is now spending so much money on disaster relief that it is outpacing funding for schools etc. When New York got hit, their power was out for months. As someone who is self reliant, what are you going to do if something like that happens? I suggest you get some technical know how together. Otherwise you are your family will suffer during the time it takes for the government or other people to respond.

 I would suggest if you are a woman, to go find someone who knows their tools. Learn about every one of them and how to use them. Then, learn to weld and / or solder. After than, learn some basic electrical skills. If you have a car, learn how to maintain it. There will be no more, "I'm a woman and cannot fathom this, where's IT when I need it? "You are IT. You are the automotive guru. The Yogini and the Black Belt. If you are guy and you don't have these skills? Get them.
 
 You should be able to walk outside and at any point say, "I know how to do that."  Now get down to business and get your skills of self reliance.
 
 
