
Karma

Meira, are you ever going to get over your cold? Um.. I don't have a crystal ball to answer that question sadly. But, I have been busy. Besides downing bowls of chicken noodle soup, meditating to encourage my antibody saumrai's to kick ninja virus butt and silently praying the internet doesn't die on me (pre-paid plans do have a dark side), I decided to experiment with a few things.

First things first, between being exhausted and overly hyper ( I blame the amounts of caffeine i'm drinking) I've almost finished reading "A Guide to the Good Life {The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy}" by William Irvine, when I ran across this section.

"The first step in transforming society into one in which people live a good life is to teach people how to make their happiness depend as little as possible on their external circumstances. ...The second step in transforming a society is to change people's external circumstances. "

As you know, I've been meditating and practicing Stoicism for over a week now, trying to form them into habits. I've also been reading several blogs recently, which I list on the side panel of this website. Anyway, upon pulling up Gwen Bell's site the other day she was talking about something called "distributed genious grants," Gittip, and being on Twitter. So, being slightly creeped out as I did it, I re-signed up for a Twitter account and did a little research.

I'll admit I first thought it was a lame concept to drive Twitter account numbers. But then looking into it, I found out that Gittip allows people to donate / fund the work of other people, who then in turn give to others in a circle of giving. I thought. ... This is amazing. Why didn't we make this sooner? This is the biggest thing since Bitcoin and Kickstarter. By allowing you to fund those who make a difference, you are allowing those people to give all of their time to what they do best, giving back.

So, how does this relate to the Stoic philosophy above? These people are a little bit like Stoics in their beliefs of giving back to society. In relation to that, they are transforming society, through their writings, projects, and what they believe in, making us focus less on what bothers us, and more on the good that's happening. Then they take the second step by proving their worth through changing society not just psychologically but physically through what their projects are effecting. Taking it a step further, they give back to fund others and their good projects. But then it gets even better, they start to give their work away for free because they don't have to charge anymore.

It's like a circle of good karma where everyone benefits. So, I decided to join in on this wonderful experiment in the gift economy. I'm currently working on my first ebook, it might take a year to write it in all of its goodness, but i'm hoping to offer it for free in the future through Gittip. In the meantime if you would like to donate something towards the maintenance of this site, or maybe a chai latte, I would immensly appreciate it. You never know, I might just spread the good Karma down the line. ... 