It's my second day here at HavenHouse. A non-profit which acts a lot like a hotel. It's almost like living in a boarding house. Every day you wake up and walk out of your hotel-esque room to a dining hall, where food is served for free to the residents. All of which, are families with someone who is at one of the local hospitals. It's interesting. We operate like a small community. There are rooms for watching tv, small kitchens, and laundry rooms, which everyone rushes to get to before they are full. There is even free shuttle service to the local hospitals. So, far we have met people that live but three miles from where we do, all the way to Texas. It's all been very interesting.

Also, I submitted my first poem to a magazine. I'm hoping for good news, but you never know. If they send me a mass generic rejection letter, no hard feelings, I need the constructive critisism to further my craft. There are few different literary magazines out there I hope to publish to in the future.

 But for those who think you might make a lot of money doing it; you don't. If you are among the top 1% you may make $10 dollars a line. You don't become a poet or a writer for the money. You become a poet and a writer because you couldn't think of being anything else. So, that's pretty much all of an update I can give right now. In the next 6-8 weeks while I'm waiting on word for my first poem, I'm going to be writing a few more. They may be good, they may be crap. But the important thing is to keep writing. 