June 10 | Changes


Last time I wrote, I was talking a lot about moving to Washington state and continuing my degrees in Anthropology and Graphic Design. The universe had other plans. I am now jobless, degreeless, and five months away from having to pay back my student loans. On top of this, I'm now in the position that I cannot move to Washington and I cannot continue my education.

I first found out about this a week ago. It took me that much time to be able to write about it. You see, I'm not the only one that this effected. It also effected my sister who was in college and the rest of my family. So much so, that they actually told me, "some people just have to stay impoverished and can't look towards anything better." That's when it hit me. My parents broke. Not just financially, but their spirit too.

My sister left today, she's out looking for a job in the hopes that one day, she might be able to finish her degree. But we don't even have our GED's. We dropped out. So even finding a job is hard. So, we have two options. We could give up like our parents have, or we could attempt to shift our reality.

A shift in reality is what I'm working towards. I'm currently writing my second YA novel (the first was murdered by a computer virus). I'm also working on learning programming skills in Javascript, Node.js, and more. I've started up my yoga practice at home in the hopes that in a few years I can gain my teaching certification. As well as, attempting to work towards my GED and find a job.

It's hard to force a shift in your reality when you don't even have a dollar to your name. For those of you who are kind souls, donating a dollar or more on my Gittip account would do wonders. Right now, I can't afford internet, I can't even afford a dollar drink at McDonald's for the free wifi. If you decide to give a gift, all of will go towards funding our job search, writing, access to codeacademy.com, and research for my novel and several ebooks I have planned for the future.

If we reach $200 a week, I'll offer my first ebook entirely free. If we reach the wonderful goal of $500 a week, once I receive my Yoga teacher certification, I will offer free yoga classes in my area at least once a week. Currently people who want to take yoga classes have to drive over 25 miles one way to attend a class for over $14. This leaves people spending around $20-$30 dollars with gas to take a single hour class. As far as I know, there isn't a single yogini or yoga student besides me, within fifteen miles. This is extremely unfortunate and I would like to help make a difference in this community and with your help, we can make a very big change. 